[Identity] - Add examples doc and update README (#14646)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/README.md

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 8 LTS or higher

> - An [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).

Reviewer: Nice nice

### Specifying a user assigned managed identity with the `DefaultAzureCredential`

> A relatively common scenario involves authenticating using a user assigned managed identity for an Azure resource. The `DefaultAzureCredential` makes this a relatively straightforward task that can be configured using environment variables or in-code.

Reviewer 2: I generally advise against using link text like "this", "here" etc. This hinders screenreader users from being able to quickly go over the links on the page and get context. We can modify the above text as suggested below and then remove the line on "For more information..."

```suggestion
A relatively common scenario involves authenticating using a user assigned managed identity for an Azure resource. Explore the [example on user assigned managed identity with DefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-a-user-assigned-managed-identity-with-defaultazurecredential) to see how this is made a relatively straightforward task that can be configured using environment variables or in-code.
```

Author: Thanks! I took your suggestion, but it would have applied against the wrong section so I manually applied it

> ### Specifying a user assigned managed identity with the `DefaultAzureCredential`

Reviewer 2: What is so special about user assigned managed identity that it deserves a spot in the main readme instead of being with the other set of examples in AzureIdentityExamples.md?

Author: It's my understanding that this is a relatively common scenario that isn't that obvious from just looking at the code so it deserves some explanation. At least [one customer](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/18253) in dotnet was impacted by a misunderstanding around how to use a user assigned managed identity using environment variables. 

But... we _do_ include it in the `AzureIdentityExamples` doc as well so maybe a better approach here would be to mention that it's possible and link to that section for more information. Does that seem reasonable?

Reviewer 2: >  better approach here would be to mention that it's possible and link to that section for more information

Sounds good to me

const client = new KeyClient(vaultUrl, credentialChain);
```

## Managed Identity Support

> The [Managed identity authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported via either the `DefaultAzureCredential` or the `ManagedIdentityCredential` credential classes directly for the following Azure Services:

Reviewer 2: > for the following Azure Services

The following are not really "services". Do we want to say "hosted environments"? Feel free to cross check with others in the Identity feature crew to see how they have documented this

Author: I like "hosted environments". I found at least one example where these were referred to as "Azure hosts" (when your application is deployed to the following Azure hosts) so this fits.

- [Azure Virtual Machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-to-use-vm-token)

> - [Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/overview-managed-identity?tabs=dotnet)

Reviewer 2: `?tabs=dotnet` ??

### Read the documentation

> The client libraries listed [here][releases] support authenticating with `TokenCredential` and the Azure Identity library. You can learn more about their usage and find additional documentation along with samples in the links mentioned [here][releases]

Reviewer 2: Are we sure we want to link to https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/js.html? Once we land there, we have a tab for "management libraries" which are all Track 1 today and dont support TokenCredential. We are working on making this work in the next month or so, but there is still another tab "All" which is a list of ALLLL JS packages related to azure

Reviewer 2: Any thoughts on this?

Author: It's a good point. Do we have a definitive list of only Track 2 libraries that we can link to instead? 

Alternatively, I don't know how many folks _start_ on Identity and then go and find a library that supports TokenCredentials to use - it's probably the other way around right? So maybe best to take this section out?

Reviewer: I don't think other languages track what packages use identity and what packages don't use identity. That seems easy to get out of date.

On the problem of "how to identify which packages support identity", what if we open an issue for that?

Packages that use identity could have some label in their package.json, and then we could use a search query to quickly point people to those packages. That sounds like something that could be done nicely, but at the moment is just a vague idea for me at the moment.

Author: Created #14684 and removed this section for now

> The [microsoft-graph-sdk][graphsdk] also supports authenticating with `TokenCredential` and the Azure Identity library.

Reviewer 2: Wowza! Didnt realize this had happened.

Regardless, I am worried about listing packages that support TokenCredential as this list will always be increasing. Any reason to particularly call the packages out rather than rely on the readme of those packages to say whether they support credentials from our package or not?
